THE DECEMBER
TWENTY TWENTY TWENTY THREE
WELCOME EVERYONE AND THANK YOU
SO MUCH FOR YOUR TIME AND
COMMITMENT TO OUR COMMUNITY.
I WOULD LIKE TO FIRST START
WITH ROLL CALL SO IF YOU COULD
F. KENNEDY IF YOU DON'T MIND
GOING AROUND AND CALLING ON THE
ATTENDEES TODAY AND THEN IF SHE
CALLS YOUR NAME FOLKS IF YOU
DON'T MIND JUST UNMUTED STATING
YOUR NAME POSITION AND WHERE
YOU ARE COMING FROM TODAY, THAT
WOULD BE GREAT.
>> ALREADY COMMISSIONER
CHAMBERS AND OLINA CHAMBERS,
COMMISSIONER PACARD I AM HERE
AND MY CAMERA HAPPENS TO BE ON
FOR WHAT IT'S WORTH BECAUSE
PEOPLE MAY BE ABLE TO SEE YOUR
COMMISSIONER RECKLESS
COMMISSIONER POSTER
COMMISSIONER GOSSAGE, HOW ARE
YOU?
GOOD AFTERNOON.
ALEX GOSSAGE, COMMISSIONER
CALLING FROM ANN ARBOR,
MICHIGAN.
>> COMMISSIONER HAWKINS
COMMISSIONER SOLOMON MATTHEW
SOLOMON ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
>> COMMISSIONER COMMISSIONER
MOSADDEQ GOOD AFTERNOON
EVERYONE.
KATHLEEN MOSAD CALLING IN FROM
ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN AS A
COMMISSIONER VICE CHAIR KEILLER
COMMISSIONER KEELER SCATTERGOOD
MY CHAIR IN ANN ARBOR COUNCIL
MEMBER GODSE EVERYONE HERE FROM
ANN ARBOR AND CHAIR DAMON,
THANK YOU.
>> GOOD AFTERNOON.
ZACH DAMAN CHAIRMAN COMING TO
YOU FROM ANN ARBOR, MICHIGAN.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
FIRST OF ALL, I JUST WANT TO
MENTION FOR THE RECORD THAT IF
ANYONE HAS NOT GOTTEN TODAY'S
AGENDA, THERE WAS AN ELECTRONIC
COPY THAT WAS SENT OUT TO
EVERYONE PREVIOUSLY.
BUT IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A COPY
OF THAT OR CANNOT LOCATED AT
THIS TIME, PLEASE LET US KNOW
AND WE CAN GET YOU A COPY
OF THE AGENDA.
>> BUT WITH THAT I JUST WANT TO
FIRST OPEN IT UP TO ANY PUBLIC
COMMENT TODAY.
CAN ANY DO WE HAVE ANYONE ON IS
GOING TO SPEAK FOR PUBLIC
COMMENT?
WE DO NOT HAVE ANYONE RAISING
THEIR HAND FOR PUBLIC COMMENT.
IF YOU'D LIKE TO MAKE A PUBLIC
COMMENT, PLEASE JUST RAISE YOUR
HAND AND I CAN MEET YOU.
OK, ZEENA, WE HAVE NO PUBLIC
COMMENT, OK?
NO PUBLIC COMMENT THIS
AFTERNOON.
THANK YOU.
NEXT IS THE APPROVAL OF TODAY'S
AGENDA.
>> IS THERE A MOTION TO APPROVE
TODAY'S AGENDA?
ZACH, THIS IS KATHLEEN.
>> OPTION TO APPROVE.
OK, SOUNDS LIKE IT.
ALL RIGHT.
SO KATHLEEN MAKES A MOTION AND
VICE CHAIRMAN SECONDS ALL IN
FAVOR OF APPROVING TODAY'S
MEETING AGENDA IF YOU COULD
PLEASE ON MUTE AND SAY I I I
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU.
THE MEETING AGENDA FOR TODAY
HAS BEEN APPROVED.
I'M NEXT I'D LIKE TO MOVE DOWN
TO THE MEETING MINUTES FROM OUR
LAST MEETING ON NOVEMBER 15TH.
THOSE MEETING MINUTES HAVE BEEN
INCLUDED IN THE AGENDA
MATERIALS.
IF ANYONE HAS NOT HAD AN
OPPORTUNITY TO REVIEW DID NOT
GET THAT INFORMATION, PLEASE
LET US KNOW.
BUT IF THERE IS NO FURTHER
DISCUSSION ON THE MEETING
MINUTES FROM OUR LAST MEETING
IN NOVEMBER, IS THERE A MOTION
TO APPROVE THE MEETING MINUTES
OF MY MOTION THAT WE APPROVED
THE MEETING MINUTES FROM THE
NOVEMBER.
>> OK, THANK YOU ROB.
>> I'LL SECOND THAT ALL IN
FAVOR OF APPROVING THE MEETING
MINUTES FROM NOVEMBER PLEASE.
>> I MUTE AND SAY I I THANK YOU
.
ALL RIGHT.
THE MEETING MINUTES FROM
NOVEMBER ARE APPROVED MOVING ON
TO OUR AGENDA TO THE SPECIAL
PRESENTATION PORTION.
I'D LIKE TO START WITH THE
WASHTENAW LIBRARY FOR THE BLIND
AND THE PHYSICALLY DISABLED AND
MISS KATAMON KABBAGE.
SO KATY, WELCOME.
HELLO.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
IT'S SO GOOD TO BE HERE AND I
JUST HAVE A COUPLE OF THINGS TO
SHARE WITH YOU ALL TODAY HAVE
SOME OF THAT'S COMING UP AT THE
LIBRARY THAT I WANTED TO
HIGHLIGHT.
WE HAVE AN EMERGING WRITERS
WORKSHOP CALLED HOW TO GET
UNSTUCK.
THAT'S ON MONDAY, JANUARY EIGHT
FROM SIX THIRTY TO SEVEN FORTY
FIVE PM AT THE WEST GATE BRANCH
WEATHER AT THE IDEA PHASE IN
THE MIDDLE OF A DRAFT OR DURING
REVISIONS.
SOMETIMES WRITERS GET STUCK IN
THIS WORKSHOP BETHANIE NEIL AND
ALEX CORVO WILL PROVIDE
PRACTICAL TIPS AND NEW
SOLUTIONS TO KEEP FICTION
WRITERS MOVING FORWARD IN ALL
STAGES OF BOOK CREATION.
THIS EVENT IS PART OF THE
MONTHLY EMERGING WRITERS
WORKSHOP WHICH OFFERS SUPPORT,
LEARNING AND ADVICE FOR LOCAL
AUTHORS EACH MONTH.
TWO WEEKS AFTER THE WORKSHOP
THERE'S A MEETUP WHERE THE
INSTRUCTORS ARE AVAILABLE TO
REVIEW SAMPLES OF YOUR WORK AND
OFFER ADVICE AND ASSISTANCE IN
A CASUAL SUPPORTIVE ATMOSPHERE
AND ALL WITH JUST EXCUSE ME FOR
ONE MOMENT I NEED TO CLOSE MY
DOOR BECAUSE MY DOG IS
NO
PROBLEM.
>> SORRY ABOUT THAT.
I'M JUST WORKING FROM HOME
TODAY AND THAT IS ONE OF THE
DISTRACTIONS THAT EXISTS THERE.
OK, CONTINUE ON WITH LIBRARY
EVENTS.
WE ALSO HAVE MEDITATION AND
MINDFULNESS FOR SELF CARE WITH
AMY TARRANT'S THIS IS ON
TUESDAY, JANUARY 9TH FROM SIX
TO SEVEN FIFTEEN PM AT OUR
TREVER WHAT BRANCH MINDFULNESS
CAN BE AN ACT OF SELF CARE.
SELF CARE IS MAKING CONSCIOUS
CHOICES THAT SUPPORT PHYSICAL
AND EMOTIONAL WELLBEING.
PRACTICING MINDFULNESS CAN HELP
WITH BOTH PHYSICAL AND MENTAL
HEALTH.
PLEASE JOIN US IN A SEVENTY
FIVE MINUTE MINDFULNESS SESSION
AND EXPLORE HOW MINDFULNESS CAN
SUPPORT YOUR BRAIN AND BODY.
AND THEN FINALLY WE HAVE AN
INTRO TO A 3D PRINTING EVENT
THAT SOUNDS REALLY INTERESTING
.
THIS IS GOING TO BE ON
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10 FROM FIVE
THIRTY TO SEVEN THIRTY PM AT
OUR DOWNTOWN LIBRARY IN THE
SECRET LAB IF YOU'RE INTERESTED
IN LEARNING ABOUT 3D PRINTING,
JOIN US FOR AN INFORMATIVE
SESSION ABOUT THE HOBBY ITSELF
AND THE LIBRARY'S RESOURCE
FOR
3D PRINTING.
THE SESSION WILL ALLOW FOR
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS AND
PATRONS WILL BE ABLE TO PRINT A
SMALL OBJECT TO TAKE HOME.
>> ALL RIGHT.
I'M A HIGHLIGHT A COUPLE
OF MATERIALS THAT YOU CAN FIND
ON BAADE THE BRAILLE AND AUDIO
READING DOWNLOAD SERVICE THAT
HAVE BEEN RECENTLY ADDED.
YOU CAN DOWNLOAD YOUR OWN BOOKS
AND AS FAR L.L.C. DOT GOV CAN
CALL US WE CAN HELP THE PHONE
NUMBERS SEVEN THREE FOUR THREE
TWO SEVEN FOUR TWO TWO FOUR AND
YOU CAN ALWAYS EMAIL US AT W.L.
BPD ADL ORG OK THERE ARE SOME
NEW BOOKS YOU CAN FIND ON VADE
BOUNDLESS TWENTY VOICES
CELEBRATING MULTICULTURAL AND
MULTIRACIAL IDENTITIES WHEN
IDENTITIES CROSS BOUNDARIES
WITH A LOVE THAT KNOWS NO
BOUNDS FROM PLATONIC AND
ROMANTIC LOVE TO GRIEF AND
HEARTBREAK.
THESE STORIES EXPLORE
NAVIGATING LIFE AT THE
INTERSECTION OF IDENTITIES AND
WHAT IT MEANS TO GROW UP
SURROUNDED BY A MULTITUDE
OF TRADITIONS LANGUAGES,
CULTURES AND INTERPERSONAL
DYNAMICS RETURNING TO A
FATHER'S HOMELAND TRYING TO FIT
IN AT CHAOTIC WEDDINGS AND
LAVISH BIRTHDAY PARTIES WERE
NOT ALL ARE WELCOME PROCESSING
AND GRIEF FAMILY GATHERINGS
FIGURING OUT HOW TO SHARE THE
NEWS OF A NEW RELATIONSHIP WITH
LOVED ONES.
THIS COLLECTION CELEBRATES
MULTICULTURAL AND MULTIRACIAL
CHARACTERS AT THE HELM OF THEIR
OWN NARRATIVES AS THEY APPROACH
LIFE WITH A RENEWED SENSE
OF HOPE AND SUBSTANCE.
AND WE HAVE AFTERGLOW CLIMATE
FICTION FOR FUTURE ANCESTORS
AFTERGLOW IS A STUNNING
COLLECTION OF ORIGINAL SHORT
STORIES IN WHICH WRITERS FROM
MANY DIFFERENT BACKGROUNDS
ENVISION A RADICALLY DIFFERENT
CLIMATE CULTURE PUBLISHED IN
COLLABORATION WITH GRIST, A
NONPROFIT MEDIA ORGANIZATION
DEDICATED TO TELLING STORIES
OF CLIMATE SOLUTIONS, THESE
STIRRING TALES EXPAND OUR
ABILITY TO IMAGINE A BETTER
WORLD INSPIRED BY CUTTING EDGE
LITERARY MOVEMENTS SUCH AS AFRO
FUTURISM, PUNK AND SOLAR PUNK
AFTERGLOW IMAGINES
INTERSECTIONAL WORLDS IN WHICH
NO ONE IS LEFT BEHIND WHERE
HUMANITY PRIORITIZES EQUITABLE
CLIMATE SOLUTIONS AND CONTINUED
SERVICE TO ONE'S COMMUNITY
WHETHER THROUGH ABUNDANCE OR
ADAPTATION REFORM OR A NEW
UNDERSTANDING OF SURVIVAL.
THESE STORIES OFFER FLICKERS
OF HOPE, EVEN JOY AS THEY
PROVIDE A SPRINGBOARD FOR
EXPLORING HOW FICTION CAN HELP
CREATE A BETTER REALITY.
AFTERGLOW WELCOMES A DIVERSE
RANGE OF NEW VOICES INTO A
CLIMATE CONVERSATION TO
ENVISION THE NEXT ONE HUNDRED
EIGHTY YEARS OF EQUITABLE
CLIMATE PROGRESS A CREATIVE
WORK ROOTED IN THE REALITIES
OF OUR PRESENT CRISIS.
AFTERGLOW PRESENTS A NEW WAY TO
THINK ABOUT THE CLIMATE
OF URGENCY ONE THAT PLACES A
PATH TO CLEAN GREEN AND MORE
JUST FUTURE.
>> AND THAT IS ALL THAT I HAVE
FOR YOU ALL TODAY.
DOES ANYBODY HAVE ANY QUESTIONS
COMMENTS FOR ME?
EDDIE, THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I WOULD SAY THE ONLY COMMENT I
HAVE IS I'M ALWAYS VERY
ENCOURAGED TO HEAR OF THE GREAT
WORKSHOPS, THE DIFFERENT
ACTIVITIES THAT THE LIBRARY IS
OFFERING AND YOU A VERY
INTERESTING WORKSHOP THAT YOU
HAVE FOR THE WRITERS IN TERMS
OF GETTING THEM UNSTUCK IS A
CREATIVE MYSELF.
I CAN DEFINITELY EMPATHIZE WITH
THAT.
SO YEAH, GREAT GREAT STUFF.
THAT'S COOL.
WE HOPE TO SEE YOU ALL AROUND
THE LIBRARY.
I SEE MATTHEW HAS HIS HAND UP
THOUGH.
>> YEAH.
QUICK QUESTION.
>> COULD YOU REPEAT THE DATE
OF THE 3D PRINTING WORKSHOP AND
JUST WANT TO CLOSE WITH THE
THANK YOU FOR ALL YOU DO.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
YES I WILL.
SO THE 3D PRINTING WORKSHOP IS
ON WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 10TH FIVE
THIRTY PM TO SEVEN THIRTY PM AT
THE DOWNTOWN LIBRARY IN OUR
SECRET LAB AT THE LOWER LEVEL.
HEY ROB WHAT'S UP?
HEY OH NOT MUCH.
I JUST WANTED TO PHOTOGRAPH
WHAT ZAC SAID INTERESTED IN THE
WRITERS WORKSHOP THAT'S MONDAY
AND IF YOU COULD JUST TELL US A
LITTLE BIT MORE ABOUT IT IF YOU
HAVE WHAT WE CAN EXPECT.
>> WELL FROM ASPIRING WRITERS
THIS IS A REALLY SUCCESSFUL
SERIES SO PEOPLE ARE REALLY
GETTING A LOT OUT OF THIS.
IT'S PRETTY WELL ATTENDED AND
PEOPLE ARE ABLE TO SORT
OF BOUNCE IDEAS OFF OF EACH
OTHER AND THE EXPERTS THAT ARE
THERE.
>> AND SO IT'S SOMETHING THAT
LIKE YOU CAN COME TO ONE OR YOU
COULD COME TO THAT.
I THINK THEY HAVE THEM LIKE
EVERY MONTH.
YEAH.
SO YOU KNOW, YOU CAN POP IN
SOMETIMES BUT YOU KNOW, NO
COMMITMENT BUT THERE'S A LOT
OF THEM AVAILABLE.
>> OH, THANK YOU.
>> YOU'RE WELCOME.
ANYBODY ELSE ANYTHING ELSE FOR
KATIE BEFORE WE MOVE FORWARD?
ALL RIGHT.
YOU GUYS HAVE A GREAT DAY AND A
WONDERFUL HOLIDAY.
>> I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
THANK YOU.
YOU TOO.
HAPPY NEW YEAR.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT MOVING ON TO OUR NEXT
SPECIAL PRESENTATION.
WE HAVE THE DISABILITY NETWORK
OF WASHTENAW, MONROE AND
LIVINGSTON AND MISS ANDREA
HENRY ANDREA ZACH, THIS IS ALEX
IS NOT WITH US TODAY.
UNFORTUNATELY SHE'S A BIT UNDER
THE WEATHER.
OK, BUT RIGHT NOW WITH
DISABILITY AT WORK WE ARE
GETTING THINGS CLOSED UP FOR
THE REMAINDER OF THE CALENDAR
YEAR HERE WE HAVE A LOT OF OUR
YEAR END REPORTING AND THINGS
GOING ON SO NOT A WHOLE LOT TO
REPORT.
WE ARE GOING TO BE CLOSED
STARTING ON THE TWENTY FIFTH
THROUGH JANUARY 8TH.
I'M TAKING KIND OF AN EXTENDED
BREAK THIS YEAR AND ONCE WE GET
BACK THOUGH FOLKS ARE ABLE TO
FIND OUT ABOUT ANY OF OUR
ACTIVITIES FROM OUR WEBSITE W W
W DENHA W M ELSHAUG OR THEY CAN
GIVE US A CALL AT SEVEN THREE
FOUR NINE SEVEN ONE ZERO TWO
SEVEN SEVEN.
AWESOME.
AND JUST WANTED TO GIVE A SHOUT
OUT TO TO ALL BE THERE AT
DISABILITY NETWORK WASHTENAW
MONROE LIVINGSTON I SAW SOME
FEEDBACK I WAS BUMMED I COULD
NOT INTEND TO IN PERSON BUT
GREAT TURNOUT FOR THAT ART POP
UP YOU GUYS HAVE SO YEP THAT
WAS GREAT LOOK FOR MORE
OF THOSE TO HAPPEN IN THE NEW
YEAR AND HOPEFULLY IN THE NEXT
MONTH OR SO I'LL HAVE SOME
INFORMATION ABOUT THE MOVIE
FESTIVAL AS WELL.
>> ALL RIGHT.
>> SOUNDS GOOD.
THANK YOU, ALEX.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE HAVE OUR PARTNERS AND
ACCESS COMMITTEE REPORT WITH
VICE CHAIRMAN LARRY KEILLER
.
ARE YOU STILL ON LARRY?
SORRY, FOLKS.
LOOKS LIKE WE MIGHT HAVE LOST
HIM SO I KNEW I'M HERE FOR SOME
REASON MY PHONE WANTS TO BE A
PAIN IN THE.
WANT TO TRY TO MEET NEW OK?
>> NO, I WANT TO DO IT FIVE,
SIX TIMES SO I'M LIKE I WE DID
NOT HAVE A MEETING.
WE DID NOT HAVE A MEETING.
I WAS I DIDN'T GET THE I DIDN'T
GET THE ACCESS NUMBERS AND I
HAD I WAS CONFUSED WHETHER WE
WERE GOING TO DO IT ON
WEDNESDAY OR THURSDAY THAT DAY
I HAD GOTTEN THE RFP FOR THE
AGENDA ITEMS BUT I DIDN'T GET
ANYTHING ELSE FROM THERE.
I WASN'T SURE AND WHEN I GOT
BACK BECAUSE YOU CALLED ME BACK
AND SO DID I SAW COMMISSIONER
HAWKINS RESPONSE THAT SHE WAS
IN THE CHAT.
I DON'T KNOW IF ANYBODY ELSE
WAS THERE BUT WE'LL CLEAR UP
THAT CONFUSION AND ANYONE WHO
HAS ANY AGENDA ITEMS THAT THEY
WANT TO SEE FOR NEXT MONTH YOU
CAN YOU CAN EMAIL MESOS OR
EMAIL US MAKE US MAKE ME AWARE
OF THEM AS WELL.
I GOT THEM NEXT MONTH.
OK, THANK YOU LARRY AND I DO
YOU KNOW I'M SORRY TO HEAR
OF THAT THAT CONFUSION BUT
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE ON THE
PARTNERS AND ACCESS COMMITTEE
AND FOR ALL THAT YOU DO.
SO YEAH, HOPEFULLY YOU KNOW
NEXT MONTH EVERYTHING CAN
CONTINUE TO BUILD BUT JUST WANT
TO LET YOU ALL KNOW
COMMISSIONER HAWKINS, SOMETHING
CAME UP WITH HER HER WORK SO
SHE MAY OR MAY NOT BE JOINING
US BUT SHE'LL BE JOINING US
LATE IF SHE DOES SO SO THERE
WILL NOT BE A CURRENT REPORT
RIGHT NOW FOR COMMUNITY
ENGAGEMENT.
SO WITH THAT VICE CHAIRMAN,
DON'T GO ANYWHERE BECAUSE WE'RE
GOING TO MOVE ON TO OUR
RECRUITING ACTIVITY.
>> WELL, RECRUITING ACTIVITY WE
HAVE WE HAVE HAD AN INTERVIEW
WE HAVE ANOTHER INTERVIEW
COMING UP.
BUT AND MORE TO HEAR FROM
THOSE.
WE HAVE AN INTERVIEW COMING UP
AFTER THE HOLIDAYS AND WE HAD
AN INTERVIEW AND IT WAS
DEFINITELY BROUGHT TO OUR
CONSENSUS THAT THE INTERVIEW
WAS GOOD ENOUGH CANDIDATE WAS
WOULDN'T FIT OUR COMMISSION.
SO BUT WE'VE GOT ONE NEXT MONTH
AND WE'RE GOING TO GO INTO
THAT.
WE'RE STILL TAKING ANY
APPLICATIONS WE GOT AND WE'VE
AS FAR AS I KNOW WE'VE GOT ONE
POSITION LEFT ON THE
COMMISSION.
IS THAT CORRECT?
THAT'S CORRECT.
AS FAR AS I KNOW KENNEDY IS
THAT CORRECT THAT WE HAVE ONE
SEAT AVAILABLE?
>> YES.
SO WE HAVE ONE SEAT AND I STILL
HAVE NOT HEARD BACK FROM MAYOR
TAYLOR REGARDING THE PREVIOUS
APPLICATION.
I KNOW YOU HAD REACHED OUT BUT
THERE STILL HAS BEEN NO REPLY.
>> OK, THANK YOU.
WOW.
I MEAN, YOU KNOW, IT'S A BUSY
TIME OF YEAR EVERYONE I'M
HOPING THAT THAT YOU KNOW, WE
CAN GET MORE INFORMATION FROM
THE CITY SOONER THAN LATER BUT
ABSOLUTELY AND HOPEFULLY WE CAN
GET A RESPONSE ON.
SO THANK YOU.
OK, ALL RIGHT.
IT LOOKS LIKE WE HAVE A COUPLE
OF QUESTIONS IN THE JACK
KENNEDY YOU THOSE YES.
>> I'M GOING TO RESPOND TO
THEM.
OK, THANK.
ALL RIGHT.
MOVING ON, WE HAVE THE
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
UPDATE.
>> SO LARRY, THE FLOOR IS
YOURS.
I'M SORRY I'M STILL HERE.
OUR LAST MEETING WAS THE
NOVEMBER 15TH SAID THAT RIGHT
AFTER A MEETING THAT WE HAD
OF FIVE COMMISSION AND WE DID A
LOT OF HOUSEKEEPING STUFF, WE
MOVED FOR EXAMPLE, WE MOVED OUR
JUNE MEETING TO JUNE SIX
BECAUSE I WAS GOING TO FALL ON
JUNE PETE AND WE INTRODUCED WE
WERE INTRODUCING A WORK PLAN
ARE GOING TO OUR NEW WORK PLAN
AND WE'RE GOING TO VOTE ON THAT
NEXT MONTH AND WE HAD A
CODE PROJECT UPDATE AND I JUST
WANTED TO SEE OUR MEETING
BECAUSE IT WAS THE SAME PEOPLE
THAT GAVE THE CURB UPDATE FOR
OUR MEETING AT ALMOST THE SAME
PRESENTATION.
>> SO WE HAD THAT THAT TOOK UP
A FAILED PART OF THE MEETING
AND WE TALKED ABOUT A DOWNTOWN
CIRCULATION STUDY.
WE'RE KIND THEY'RE THEY'RE
STUDYING HOW PEOPLE CIRCULATE
DOWNTOWN AND HOW THEY GO
THROUGH AND HOW TO MAKE THINGS
MORE SAFE FOR THE BIKERS AND
THEY'RE STARTING TO WORK ON
SEPARATED BIKEWAYS DOWN WHERE
YOU CAN HAVE LIKE BIKES LIKE
DOORS AND BIKES GOING SOUTH FOR
EXAMPLE.
AND THEY ALSO THEY ALSO WANT TO
MAKE A BIKE LOOP THROUGH
DOWNTOWN AND STREETS WILL BE
THERE.
THEY'RE GOING TO BE ALTERING
STREETS TO MAKE MORE
TRANSPORTATION.
TRANSPORTATION MAULS AND SUCH
LIKE YOU KNOW, FOR THE BUSSES
GETTING TAKEN BUSSES ON BOTH
SIDES OF AN ISLAND AND THAT I
WAS IN THERE, YOU KNOW, ON ONE
SIDE OF THE ISLAND HERE COMES
YOUR BACK ON THE OTHER SIDE.
>> HERE COMES THE BUS.
IT'S ON THE OPPOSITE DIRECTION
AND THEY WANT TO PROVIDE A
PROVIDE STREET EVENT STREET.
I'M NOT QUITE SURE ABOUT THEM
AND MORE AND MORE THEY ALSO
WANT TO PUT IN MORE HEALTHY
STREETS.
>> FIFTH AND DIVISION IS GOING
TO THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT IT
BECOMING A TWO WAY A DIVISION
ARE BOTH THEY WANT TO MAKE IT A
TWO WAY STREET TO DOWNTOWN.
THEY WANT TO PUT UP MORE THAN
THREE AUDIBLE PEDESTRIAN
SIGNALS ONE AND THEY'RE PUTTING
ANOTHER ONE AT JACKSON AND
RIVER AND HERE ON IN SEVENTH
AND THERE WAS NO NO CRASH
REPORT READ BECAUSE WE DIDN'T
HAVE ENOUGH TIME AND THAT WAS
IT.
AND AND FOR FURTHER IN DEPTH.
>> SO THERE IS I DO BELIEVE WE
GOT TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
NOTES ATTATCHED.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
AND I DO APPRECIATE THOSE
UPDATES AND ALL OF YOUR EFFORTS
ON THE TRANSPORTATION
COMMISSION AS WELL.
THANK YOU NEXT.
>> OH, AND THERE WAS ANOTHER
MEETING TONIGHT SO I'LL BE
TAKING NOTES FOR THAT TONIGHT.
OK, GOT IT.
WELL, THANK YOU.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH, LARRY.
AND AS ALWAYS THANK YOU FOR
KEEPING US INFORMED.
DO APPRECIATE IT NAGU THE
REPORT FOR THE UNIVERSITY
OF MICHIGAN COUNCIL FOR
DISABILITY CONCERNS MEETING
WITH COMMISSIONER SOLOMON
MATHEW THE FORESHORES APOLOGIZE
FOR POOR CONNECTIVITY AND ALSO
FOR MY INABILITY TO ATTEND THE
LAST MEETING OF THE CFT
SUBSEQUENTLY TO THE COMMISSION
.
NO PROBLEM.
I'M SO SORRY COMMISSIONER FOR
THOSE A LITTLE BIT THERE AT
LEAST ON MY END.
SO I DO APOLOGIZE.
I DIDN'T HEAR I HEARD SOME
OF YOUR RESPONSE WAS THAT YOU
DID NOT YOU WERE NOT ABLE TO
ATTEND THE LAST MONTH'S
MEETING, IS THAT CORRECT?
>> I WAS UNABLE TO ATTEND.
I BELIEVE WE WILL RECEIVE THE
MINUTES.
OK, KATHLEEN, YOU HAD YOUR HAND
UP.
>> I DID.
I JUST WANTED TO SAY I WAS
THERE, MATTHEW AND IF YOU WANT
I CAN JUST SHARE BASICALLY WAS
A YEAR END WRAP UP.
IT WAS JUST A REVISITATION
OF WHAT HAD HAPPENED IN ALL THE
MEETINGS PRIOR AND THEN THEY
WERE SETTING UP HOW THEY WANTED
NEXT YEAR TO LOOK.
>> SO IT WAS BASICALLY JUST A
WORKING MEETING.
THERE WERE NO INTERRUPTIONS OR
ANYTHING LIKE THAT.
>> SO I HOPE THAT HELPS.
VERY HELPFUL.
>> THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR
FILLING IN.
SURE.
YEAH.
THANK YOU BOTH AND THANK YOU
MATTHEW.
JUST FOR YOUR YOUR DEDICATION
IN MICHIGAN.
SO WE'RE GLAD TO CONTINUE TO
HAVE THEM AS A AS A PARTNER
LIAISON AND THANK YOU BOTH
MATTHEW AND KATHLEEN.
ALL RIGHT.
NEXT WE GO TO THE
ORGANIZATIONAL EQUITY REPORT
WITH TRACY BYRD TRACY THE GOOD
AFTERNOON ALL AND THANK YOU
CHAIR DAYMAN.
ACTUALLY THERE'S NOTHING TO
REPORT.
WE'RE JUST FINISHING UP YEAR
END ITEMS THAT I DID WANT TO
SAY THANK YOU TO COMMISSIONER
GOSSAGE AS WELL AS ONE OF HIS
COLLEAGUES YESTERDAY FOR GOING
OUT AND TAKING A TOUR FOR
ACCESSIBILITY FOR ONE OF OUR
CITY BUILDINGS AND MOVING
FORWARD.
I REALIZED THERE WAS A GLITCH
ON MY END WHEN IT COMES TO
SENDING OUT INVITES.
SO I THINK I'VE REALIZED WHAT
MY GLITCH WAS MOVING FORWARD
WHEN WE HAVE THOSE TYPES
OF TOURS I WOULD LIKE TO INVITE
THE COMMISSION ALL OF THE
COMMISSIONERS TO TO JOIN IN ON
THOSE.
>> SO THANK YOU.
ABSOLUTELY.
AND THANK YOU SO MUCH TRACY.
AND TO YOUR OFFICE FOR ALL
OF YOUR SUPPORT AND YEAH.
THANK YOU TO COMMISSIONER
GOSSAGE AND HIS COLLEAGUES FOR
PROTECTING THAT THEN.
ABSOLUTELY.
YOU KNOW, I WILL CONTINUE TO DO
THE BEST JOB I CAN AS CHAIRMAN
TO MAKE SURE THAT THE FULL
COMMISSION IS INFORMED OF ALL
OPPORTUNITIES TO TO BE
INVOLVED.
SO THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
NEXT I WANTED TO MOVE TO THE
CITY PERSONNEL REPORT WITH
KENNEDY CUMMINGS AND EVERYONE.
SO AS OF RIGHT NOW THERE ARE NO
NEW UPDATES JUST WRAPPING UP
SOME THINGS HERE AT THE CITY
GETTING THINGS DONE BEFORE THE
END OF THE YEAR.
I KNOW MOVING INTO THE NEXT
YEAR WE WILL CONTINUE OUR
CONVERSATION ABOUT THE WEBSITE
AND MAKING SURE IT'S COMPLIANT
IF THERE IS ANYTHING YOU ALL
NEED BEFORE THE END OF THE
YEAR, PLEASE LET ME KNOW AND
I'M HAPPY TO ASSIST.
OUTSTANDING.
THANK YOU KENNEDY AND EVERYONE
AT THE CITY FOR YOUR CONTINUED
SUPPORT AND I HOPE ALL ALL
OF US YOU FEEL THAT WE'RE WE'RE
DOING GREAT AND APPRECIATE THE
EFFORT THERE.
NEXT IS THE CHAIR REPORT AND
FIRST OF ALL, I JUST WANTED TO
THANK THE FULL COMMISSION FOR
CONSTANTLY PUTTING UP WITH ALL
OF MY EMAILS TO MAKE SURE THAT
ALL OF YOU ARE INFORMED.
I'M REALLY DOING MY BEST TO
MAKE SURE THAT ALL OF US ARE
INFORMED OF DIFFERENT EVENTS,
DIFFERENT THINGS GOING ON
AROUND OUR COUNTRY AND AROUND
THE STATE AND AROUND OUR
COMMUNITY TO MAKE SURE THAT WE
ARE DOING OUR PART AS A
COMMISSION.
SO THE FIRST THING WAS I WANTED
TO JUST MENTION AND THAT YOU
KNOW, THERE IS A NEW CENSUS
THAT'S GOING TO BE COMING OUT
AND I DID SEND SOME INFORMATION
ABOUT HOW TO SUBMIT OUR
COMMENTS TO THE FEDERAL
REGISTER NOTICE AND THEN KIND
OF KIND OF SENDING OUR COMMENTS
ON THAT.
NOW OF COURSE THE INPUT TO THE
US CENSUS THE DEADLINE WAS
YESTERDAY BUT HOPEFULLY MANY
OF YOU WERE ABLE TO TO SORT
OF YOU KNOW, SEND IN YOUR
FEEDBACK AND OF COURSE JUST
UPDATE VIEWERS AND OTHERS ON
THAT PARTICULAR ITEM.
SO INSTEAD OF ASKING YES OR NO
QUESTIONS TO HAVING A
DISABILITY, THE US CENSUS WAS
PROPOSING SORT OF A DIFFERENT
SET OF DISABILITY OPTIONS THAT
WE'LL ASK RESIDENTS TO REPORT
THEIR LEVEL OF DIFFICULTY IN
SIX FUNCTIONAL TASKS AND
CONSIDER A PERSON'S SORT
OF DISABLED KIND OF ONLY IF
THEY MET A KIND
OF PREDETERMINED CUTOFF POINT,
IF YOU WILL, WHICH IN LAYMAN'S
TERMS IT KIND OF WORLD REPORT
OF A PERSON YOU KNOW AS IS SORT
OF HIGHER OR LOWER FUNCTIONING
OF A DISABILITY
AND BASICALLY
IN MY MIND I KIND OF WOULD
CONCLUDE THAT A PERSON MAY OR
MAY NOT BE CONSIDERED DISABLED
THROUGH THAT CRITERIA.
SO TO ME THAT WAS WAS PRETTY
CONCERNING AND I URGED OUR
COMMISSION AND OTHERS ACROSS
THE STATE TO TO SUBMIT THEIR
THEIR FEEDBACK.
SO SO THANK YOU ALL FOR PUTTING
UP WITH WITH THAT EMAIL THE
NEXT I WANTED TO ENGINE ON A
MORE POSITIVE NOTE.
I SENT AN EMAIL OUT THE ANN
ARBOR BICENTENNIAL IS HAVING A
KICKOFF CELEBRATION ON JANUARY
19 TWENTY TWENTY FOUR FROM
SIXTY EIGHT P.M. AT THE
MICHIGAN THEATER AND I HOPE ALL
OF US ON THE COMMISSION CAN
HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY TO ATTEND
IN FULL FORCE AND CELEBRATE
WITH EVERYONE.
THE TWO HUNDREDTH ANNIVERSARY
OUR GREAT CITY THERE SHOULD BE
I THINK A LOT OF GREAT
ACTIVITIES THERE.
GREAT MASTER OF CEREMONIES AND
JUST A LOT OF GREAT THINGS.
SO HOPEFULLY ALL OF YOU CAN CAN
TIME THAT AND AND HOPEFULLY THE
WEATHER HOLDS UP IN JANUARY.
>> LET'S SEE.
I THINK FOR ME THAT'S THAT'S
ABOUT IT.
I JUST WANTED TO MAKE SURE THAT
I WAS STILL SENDING ALL OF YOU
GOOD INFORMATION IF THERE'S
ANYTHING THAT YOU GUYS FEEL
THAT YOU'D WANT TO KNOW MORE
ABOUT OH OH MY GOSH I'M SO
SORRY.
I WANTED TO ALSO MENTION ABOUT
THE SNOW PROGRAM ONE SECOND I
SENT SOME INFORMATION ABOUT
THAT AS WELL AND IT HAD SLIPPED
MY MIND SO ONE SECOND LET ME
SEND THAT OUT.
SO IT'S CALLED THE SNOW MATCH
PROGRAM AND I SENT THAT OUT THE
WAY TO SNOW MATCH PROGRAM AND
IT WAS LAUNCHED IN OCTOBER OF
TWENTY TWENTY TWO AND IT WAS
SUCCESSFULLY PAIRED WITH OVER
TWENTY RESIDENTS OF THE CITY.
BUT THIS YEAR THEY ARE HOPING
TO MATCH EVEN MORE AND AND HELP
TO KIND OF EASE THAT ANXIETY
AND FEAR THAT OTHERS MAY HAVE
WHEN THE NEXT SNOW FALL ITS
FORECASTS.
AND OF COURSE WE'VE BEEN VERY
GOOD LATE KNOCK ON WOOD OF SNOW
SO FAR THIS DECEMBER.
BUT I JUST WANTED TO MAKE IT
CLEAR TO OUR COMMISSION AND TO
THE RESIDENTS OF OUR COMMUNITY
OF THE STREET VERSUS NO-MATCH
PROGRAM AND FOR THOSE THAT
DON'T KNOW MUCH OF WHAT SNOW
MATCHES IS, IT'S IT'S SO
BASICALLY SNOW
COVERED SIDEWALKS CAN BE
HAZARDOUS TO EVERYONE.
SO THE GOAL OF THE PROGRAM IS
TO MAKE SIDEWALKS ACCESSIBLE
FOR ALL AGES AND ABILITY.
AND SO THE CITY SANOMAT PROGRAM
PAIRS RESIDENTS WITH THE NEARBY
NEIGHBOR WHO THEN VOLUNTEERS TO
ASSIST THEM WITH SNOW REMOVAL
ON THEIR SIDEWALKS AND
RECIPIENTS OF YOUR SERVICES
MUST BE CITY RESIDENTS.
FIFTY FIVE YEARS OF AGE OR SELF
IDENTIFY AS HAVING A DISABILITY
AND THEY DO ALSO NOT HAVE THE
RESOURCES FOR OTHER SNOW
REMOVAL NEARBY TO ASSIST SO SO
WE WANT TO CONTINUE TO FOSTER
THE STRONG COMMUNITY
RELATIONSHIP AND RELIEVING SOME
OF THE SKILLS THAT COMES WITH
SNOW OF THE FREEZE DURING THE
WEEK AND I REALLY BELIEVE THAT
THE SNOW MATCH PROGRAM KIND
OF AIMS TO TO MAKE SURE THAT
OUR SIDEWALKS ARE SAFER FOR
THOSE WHO ARE OUTSIDE DURING
THE WINTER AND AND AND ALL
PEOPLE.
SO HAVE QUESTIONS PLEASE EMAIL
IT TO SNOW MATCH AT TO GOV.
DOUG.
THAT'S A TWO WAY FROM THAT SNOW
AND O.W. M80 H AT EIGHT TO GO
YOUR DOG SO.
>> ALL RIGHT THANK YOU AND THAT
IS MY CHAIR REPORT FOR TODAY I
NEXT I WOULD LIKE TO MOVE TO
THE CITY COUNCIL UPDATE WITH
COUNCIL MEMBER AISHA GHAZI
EDWYN.
>> I THANK YOU EVERYONE AND MY
APOLOGIES FOR NOT MAKING A LAST
MINUTE CONFUSION ABOUT THE DATE
OF THE MEETING ON MY END.
SO APOLOGIES ABOUT THAT.
I WILL TOUCH BASE WITH THE
MAYOR ABOUT THE POTENTIAL
APPLICATION OF THE NEW MEMBER
AND I'LL GET BACK TO ALL OF YOU
.
I THINK MY ONLY REAL COMPLAINT
OR I'M SORRY ONLY REAL UPDATE
IS RECENTLY BANNED GAS POWERED
LEAF BLOWERS WHICH I THINK ARE
DEFINITELY A DISABILITY ISSUE
IS DEFINITELY A PUBLIC HEALTH
ISSUE AND IT TENDS TO
EXACERBATE DISABILITIES AND
CONDITIONS LIKE ASTHMA AND
WHATNOT.
IT'S GOING TO BE A GRADUAL
TRANSITION WHERE THERE'LL BE A
FULL BAN ON THEM IN TWENTY
TWENTY EIGHT.
AND I WROTE A RESOLUTION WHERE
THE CITY WOULD BULK BUY
ELECTRIC LEAF BLOWERS SO THAT
RESIDENTS AND SMALL BUSINESSES
CAN BUY THEM FROM THE CITY AT A
CHEAPER RATE, ESPECIALLY
RESIDENTS WHO ARE ON A LOWER
FIXED INCOME.
SO I WILL KEEP YOU ALL UPDATED
ABOUT THAT.
UM, THE OTHER THING THAT I AM
WORKING ON FOR NEXT YEAR IS I'M
WORKING WITH THE HOUSING
COMMISSION TO POTENTIALLY BUILD
A LIST OF OUR HOUSING UNITS,
SUBSIDIZED HOUSING UNITS THAT
ARE AVAILABLE AND THEIR LIST
ALREADY EXIST.
BUT WHAT DOESN'T EXIST IS KIND
OF HOW ACCESSIBLE EACH UNIT IS
AND THAT CAN BE REALLY VALUABLE
INFORMATION ESPECIALLY FOR FOR
PEOPLE WHO WORK AT THE CITY OR
IF THE INFORMATION IS SHARED
WITH LOCAL HOUSING ORGANIZATION
AND THINGS LIKE THAT AND
OTHERWISE THERE WAS A RESIDENT
WHO REACHED OUT WITH SOME
DISABILITY KIND OF QUESTIONS,
ACCESSIBILITY ISSUES AND I WAS
ABLE TO TO PASS THAT ON IN THE
TRACY BIRD.
SO I JUST WANT TO THANK YOU,
TRACY, FOR BEING HERE AND FOR
RESPONDING TO THOSE QUESTIONS
AND THANKS TRACY AND TRACY
ACTUALLY YOU KNOW IS NEXT THE
NEXT THING I'M NOT SURE IF YOU
HAVE BEEN CONTACTED YET BUT
COUNCIL WAS THERE WAS IT WAS
BROUGHT TO A FEW OF US THAT THE
COMPLAINT FORM FOR LIKE HOUSING
FOR IF YOU'RE EXPERIENCING LIKE
LANDLORD KIND OF DISCRIMINATION
IS SOMEWHAT INACCESSIBLE RIGHT
NOW LIKE IT'S ON THE CITY'S
WEBSITE AS A PDF YOU HAVE TO
DOWNLOAD IT'S HARD TO FIND AND
I I COMMUNICATED THAT MAYBE YOU
SHOULD BE CONSULTED AND YOU CAN
HELP TO DO PERHAPS LIKE AN
AUDIT OR SEE HOW THE THE
WEBSITE CAN JUST BE AND THE
FORM CAN LOOK IT CAN BE A
LITTLE BIT MORE ACCESSIBLE AND
EASY TO USE.
>> SO IF YOU GET ANY
COMMUNICATION ON THAT JUST A
HEADS UP.
>> OK THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
I'LL TAKE A LOOK AT THAT AND
YOU SAID THE HOUSING COMPLAINT
FORMS.
YEAH.
HOUSING COMPLAINT FORM OK THANK
YOU.
>> I THINK THAT FOR ME ALL
RIGHT.
THANK YOU COUNCIL MEMBER FOR
ALL OF YOUR HARD WORK AND YOU A
REALLY, REALLY INTERESTING
POINT THAT YOU BROUGHT UP ABOUT
THE LEAF BLOWERS AND AND THE
IMPACT THE GAS POWER CAN HAVE
ON THE SURROUNDING AREA AND
COMMUNITIES.
SO DEFINITELY KEEP US INFORMED
ON HOW THAT GOES.
AND I DEFINITELY THE
INFORMATION ON LOW INCOME
HOUSING IS PARAMOUNT ESPECIALLY
IN TODAY'S COMMUNITY AND YOU
KNOW, THE RISING COST
OF LIVING.
SO THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR HARD
WORK.
>> WE DO APPRECIATE IT.
YEAH.
THANK YOU FOR ALL OF YOUR HARD
WORK.
>> DID YOU MAKE THE LAWNMOWERS
QUIETER AND ACTUALLY I'M A BIT
A LITTLE SMART BUT I'M ACTUALLY
BEING HALF SERIOUS BECAUSE FOR
PEOPLE WITH VISUAL IMPAIRMENT A
LOT OF TIMES IT MESSES UP THE
BALANCE OF THE SOUND OFF
EVERYTHING AND SOME OF US CAN
TEMPORARILY GET A LITTLE BIT
DISORIENTED WITH THEM.
>> RIGHT, RIGHT.
YEAH, YEAH, I DEFINITELY CAN
SEE HOW THAT WOULD BE
DISORIENTING.
SO I'LL KEEP YOU GUYS UPDATED.
>> AS YOU KNOW, OTHER
INITIATIVES COME TO COME
THROUGH REGARDING LIKE ELECTRIC
LAWN EQUIPMENT BUT THE FIRST
ONE IS GAS POWERED LAWN BLOWERS
ALREADY.
>> THANK YOU EVERYONE.
SHOULD THANK YOU.
>> DOES ANYONE HAVE ANY
QUESTIONS FOR ME?
>> ANYTHING
?
YEAH I DON'T SPECIFICALLY
THERE'S ANY OTHER COMMISSIONER
HAVE ANY ANY POINTS FOR COUNCIL
MEMBER ADAM
.
ALL RIGHT.
THANK YOU AND WE'LL GO AHEAD
MOVE MOVE FORWARD.
>> OK GREAT THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
I'M NEXT I DON'T THINK WE HAVE
ANYTHING UNDER OLD BUSINESS SO
WE'LL GO AHEAD AND MOVE ON TO
NEW BUSINESS.
I JUST WANTED TO GET APPROVAL
OF THE TWENTY TWENTY FOUR
CALENDAR FOR THE PARTNERS AND
ACCESS SUBCOMMITTEE.
I KNOW THAT THAT HAS BEEN
DRAFTED AND YOU KNOW LARRY, I
KNOW YOU HAD TOUCHED ON THE
CALENDAR EARLIER IN OUR MEETING
SO I JUST DIDN'T KNOW IF YOU
HAD YOU KNOW, ANY OTHER
ADDITIONAL POINTS.
I HAD I HADN'T SEEN IT YET BUT
HAVE THE DATES THAT MOVED THE
DATA?
>> YES.
SO THE DATE NOW AS VOTED ON AT
LAST MONTH'S MEETING, THE P A
SUBCOMMITTEE WILL MEET ON
THURSDAYS AT 5:00 P.M..
YES, THAT'S CORRECT.
OK, GOOD.
>> SO I MEAN I'D LIKE TO MAKE A
MOTION TO YOU KNOW, TO GET THAT
VOTED IN AND GET THAT APPROVED.
>> I MOVE THAT WE VOTE BY THAT
CALENDAR.
YEAH.
I'LL MOVE THAT WE RESET THE
CALENDAR FOR TWENTY TWENTY FOUR
FOR PARTNERS OF THE OK IS THERE
A SECOND
THIS IS KATHLEEN I'LL
SECOND THANK YOU KATHLEEN.
OK SO ALL IN FAVOR OF APPROVING
TWENTY TWENTY FOUR CALENDAR FOR
PARTNERS AND ACCEPT
SUBCOMMITTEE MOVING THE MEETING
TO THURSDAYS PLEASE ON MUTE AND
SAY I I I I I'LL WRITE THAT
CALENDAR IS NOW APPROVED OK
THANK YOU.
>> AND IF ANYBODY HAS ANY ANY
AGAIN IF ANYBODY HAS ANY AGENDA
ITEM HE CONTACT ME OR BLAKE.
ALL RIGHT.
ARE YOU STILL PART OF THE GROUP
ARE YOU STILL PART OF THE
COMMITTEE ALEX I KNOW YOU STEP
DOWN FROM CHAIR YOU STEP OUT
OF THE COMMITTEE NOW I WOULD
LIKE TO BE ABLE TO GET BACK TO
THE MEETING.
>> I'M GOING TO WORK REAL HARD
TO GET TO THAT NEXT THURSDAY
MEETING.
>> OK, OK.
WELL IN LARRY FOR THOSE
LISTENING DO YOU MIND JUST
EXPLAINING REALLY QUICK WHAT
PARTNERS AND ACCESS DOES AND
THEIR SOLE MISSION BEING A
SUBCOMMITTEE OF THE COMMISSION
PART OUR BASIC MISSION FOR
PARTNERS AND ACCESS THEY WANT
TO MAKE THINGS MORE ACCESSIBLE
.
WE YOU KNOW WE WE LOOK AT
ISSUES WITH CURB CUTS, ISSUES
WITH SOME OF THE THINGS WE'VE
DONE IS AS WE'VE ADVOCATED TO
HAVE SIDEWALKS PUT IN AT
VARIOUS PLACES, WE'VE HAD CURB
CUTS FIXED OR ADDRESS CURB CUT
ISSUES AUDIO BOB SIGNALS WE'VE
ADDRESSED THOSE CAPTIONING TO
THE CITY THAT WE MOSTLY DO
THOSE KIND OF THINGS BUT WE
WILL ALSO TALK ABOUT ACCESS TO
VARIOUS BUILDINGS IF WE CAN DO
ANYTHING ABOUT IT AND THAT'S
THAT'S OUR PRIMARY POSITION IS
ACCESS TO HELP IMPROVE AND WORK
ON ACCESSIBLE ISSUES FOR THE
CITY WHETHER YOU BE WHATEVER
YOUR DISABILITY BE, WHETHER IT
BE A HEARING IMPAIRMENT OR
VISUAL IMPAIRMENT, A MOBILITY
IMPAIRMENT OR A COGNITIVE
IMPAIRMENT.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
TO INCLUDE EVERYBODY YOU'RE
NOW.
THANK YOU, LARRY.
I APPRECIATE THAT THE
DESCRIPTION.
ALL RIGHT.
WELL, MOVING ON, ARE THERE ANY
OTHER ADDITIONAL COMMUNICATIONS
THIS EVENING?
ANY OTHER ANNOUNCEMENTS OR
COMMUNICATIONS THAT ANYONE
WOULD LIKE TO RELAY TO THE
COMMISSION OR MOSADDEQ?
YEAH, I I THINK I MISSED MY
OPPORTUNITY UNDER NEW BUSINESS
.
I HAVE A QUESTION ABOUT IF HOW
DOES A PERSON WHO IS HAVING
ISSUES WITH PARKING IN THE
DOWNTOWN AREA SPECIFICALLY AT
CITY HALL WHAT IS TRUE IS WHAT
IS THE BEST WAY OR WHO IS THE
BEST DEPARTMENT TO CONTACT
ABOUT THAT?
AND WHAT I SPECIFICALLY MEAN IS
IT POINTED OUT TO ME YES, THERE
ARE TWO VANNAK ACCESSIBLE SPOTS
THAT ARE RIGHT UP AND STREET
JUST BEHIND CITY HALL.
HOWEVER, THERE ARE NO MARKINGS
ON THE GROUND AND PEOPLE PARK
THERE VERY LOCALLY AND I GOT
INTO A JAM BECAUSE SOMEONE
INSTEAD OF PARKING IN THE OTHER
VAN ACCESSIBLE SPOT THEY PARKED
DIRECTLY NEXT TO THE RAMP OF MY
VEHICLE AND I WAS VERY LUCKY
THAT IT WAS A SHIFT CHANGE AND
AN OFFICER SAW ME SITTING THERE
AND HELP ME OUT BUT IT WAS A
VERY, VERY COLD NIGHT ON
MONDAY.
IT COULD HAVE GONE VERY WRONG.
I'D LIKE TO ADVOCATE FOR HAVING
THE THE PARKING LINES PUT IN ON
THE GROUND SO THAT PEOPLE
UNDERSTAND THESE ARE THE SPOTS
AND THIS IS THE AREA THAT
YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO PARK IN.
YOU USUALLY YOU SEE THOSE BLUE
LINES AND I WASN'T SURE IF THE
CITY WAS CONCERNED BECAUSE THAT
AREA HAS BRICKS ON THE GROUND
AND NOT ASPHALT.
HOWEVER, THE NEIGHBOR HOUSING
COMMISSION HAS SEVERAL
PROPERTIES THAT ALSO HAVE
BRICKS ON THE GROUND BUT THEY
HAVE THE PARKING LINES ON THE
GROUND IN THE BRICK WHICH MAKES
YOU KNOW SO I GUESS THAT WAS A
VERY LONG STORY.
I APOLOGIZE.
>> WHERE IS THAT?
WHO IS THE BEST PERSON TO TALK
TO ABOUT THIS AND SAY TRACY BY
CHANCE, IS THIS SOMETHING AS
THE AD COORDINATOR THAT YOU
MAYBE THAT YOU MIGHT HANDLE OR
WOULD THIS GO TO PARKING
REFEREES?
I CAN I CAN FACILITATE THAT I
I'M STILL LEARNING WHO DOES
WHAT.
I WAS ACTUALLY GOING TO GO TO
TRANSPORTATION ACTION BUT IF
YOU SAID THE PARKING I WILL I
WILL FOLLOW UP ON THIS.
>> WHAT I CAN DO IS I CAN SEND
TRACY IF YOU WANT I CAN SEND
YOU THE PICTURES.
I CAN SEND YOU A PICTURE
OF WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE WHEN
THERE'S SOMEBODY THERE.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT THE GROUND
LOOKS LIKE.
BUT I CAN SHOW YOU THE PICTURE
OF THE NIGHT HOW THE PERSON
PARKED AND I CAN SEND YOU A
PICTURE OF THE ANN HOUSING
COMMISSION AND THEIR PARKING
LOT IF YOU THINK THAT THOSE
PICTURES MIGHT BE HELPFUL IN
DESCRIBING THE ISSUE TO WHOEVER
YOU'RE SPEAKING TO.
>> YES.
IF YOU COULD PLEASE SEND SEND
THOSE TO ME.
>> OK, I WILL DO THAT WHAT I
WANT GET THE ITEM FOR ME.
I WILL ALSO ASK MR. SO FOR
TRANSPORTATION SEE BECAUSE
EVERYTHING I'LL ASK FOR
TRANSPORTATION COMMISSION
TONIGHT IN COMMENTS ABOUT WHERE
THEY WOULD GO TO I DIDN'T HAVE
ANY IDEAS OR YEAH.
THANK YOU OR ELSE I'LL TAKE
NOTE OF IT AND LOOK TRY TO LOOK
INTO IT.
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU LARRY.
THANK YOU TRACY AND AND ALSO
KENNEDY AND THANK YOU TO
KATHLEEN FOR BRINGING THAT UP
AND YEAH HOPEFULLY I'M THROUGH
THROUGH ALL OF THOSE AVENUES
THERE CAN BE A SOLUTION BROUGHT
FORWARD
.
OK, ANY OTHER COMMUNICATIONS OR
THIS COMMISSION I DID HAVE ONE
QUICK ANNOUNCEMENT FOR ALL
OF YOU IT IS JUST A MERE
FORMALITY BUT THERE IS GOING TO
BE A RED CARPET PREMIERE OF AN
INDEPENDENT ROMANTIC COMEDY
FILM CALLED GET REAL AT THE
MICHIGAN THEATER TICKETS ARE
TWELVE DOLLARS AND ACTUALLY
YOURS TRULY WAS IN THE FILM AS
AN ACTOR.
BUT IF ANY OF YOU ARE
INTERESTED I'M GOING I REALLY
WOULD BE DELIGHTED TO SEE A
GOOD REPRESENTATION
OF DISABILITY INCLUSION IN FILM
AND IN MEDIA AND TO HAVE ANYONE
THAT CAN MAKE IT TO THE
MICHIGAN THEATER ON JANUARY 5TH
TO THAT RED CARPET EVENT ON
BEHALF OF THE COMMISSION AND
AND SUPPORTING THE ARTS.
>> THAT WOULD BE GREAT
TO WATCH
YOUR BACK OR DO YOU HAVE YOUR
HAND UP?
I WOULD LOVE TO ACCEPT YOUR
INVITATION IF AND ALL
AVAILABLE.
>> THAT SOUNDS GREAT.
THANK YOU FOR LETTING ABOUT
THAT.
ALSO JANUARY 5TH AND YOU'LL
SIGN AN AUTOGRAPH ON THE RED
CARPET SO THANKS THANKS FOR THE
INVITATION.
CONGRATS.
THANK YOU MR. SOLOMON.
>> TOO.
OF COURSE I'M INTRIGUED.
CAN YOU REMIND US OF THE TITLE
OF THE FILM AND START TIME
CORRECT.
YES.
THE TITLE OF THE FILM IS GET
REAL AND LET ME LOOK AT THE
START TIME FOR YOU ONE SECOND
THAT WE HAVE ONE OF THE MEMBERS
OF THE PUBLIC ASKING IF YOU
COULD SEND THE LINK FOR THE
MICHIGAN THEATER EVENT.
>> YOU CAN'T SEE IT ON THE
WEBSITE.
OH SURE.
YEAH, I CAN DEFINITELY SEND PUT
THAT LINK IN THE CHART HERE ONE
SECOND
MATTHEW.
JUST SO YOU KNOW THAT EVENT
JANUARY 5TH IS GOING TO BE
STARTING AT SIX P.M. AND IT
WILL END AT 10 P.M. AT THE
MICHIGAN THEATER AT SIX OR
THREE EAST LIBERTY STREET IN
ANN ARBOR AND I'M PUTTING THE
LINK FOR EVERYONE IN THE CHAT
NOW THAT'S POPCORN AND KYLE
LIKELIKE.
OH, THANK YOU.
THANK YOU
ALREADY.
ANYTHING ELSE ANY MORE
ANNOUNCEMENTS BEFORE WE ADJOURN
,OK?
>> IS THERE A MOTION TO ADJOURN
TODAY'S MEETING AT FOUR FIFTY
PM
I MOVE TO ADJOURN THIS
MEETING, COME BACK HERE AT OUR
SECOND TRUSSONI.
ALL RIGHT.
RESONATED THANK YOU SO MUCH AND
YES TO EVERYONE.
I WISH YOU ALL HAPPY HOLIDAYS
AND A VERY, VERY, VERY HAPPY
NEW YEAR.
I WISH YOU ALL CONTINUE SUCCESS
AND A GREAT GREAT TWENTY TWENTY
FOUR COMING UP.
>> SO ALL IN FAVOR
OF ADJOURNING THIS MEETING
UNTIL NEXT YEAR.
PLEASE SAY HI.
>> I IS ALL RIGHT.
>> HAPPY HOLIDAYS AND HAPPY NEW
YEAR EVERYONE.
>> WE ARE ADJOURNED.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
IT IS ALREADY ONE TO TELL YOU
BEFORE NEXT YEAR BEFORE NEXT
YEAR.
>> THAT WOULD BE NICE.
WHAT'S THAT LARRY?
>> I SAID MAYBE I'LL RUN IN THE
WATER SHORTLY BEFORE THE
ABSOLUTELY ABSOLUTE RECORDING
STOPPED.
ALL RIGHT, EVERYONE, THANK YOU
SO MUCH.
I AM FILLED WITH GRATITUDE FOR
ALL OF YOU.
HAVE A GREAT DAY AND IT'S
ALWAYS TEXT ME BUG ME IF YOU
NEED ANYTHING AND I'LL DO MY
BEST TO GET BACK TO YOU